docs(event_handler): add information about case-insensitive header lookup function (#3183)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/core/event_handler/api_gateway.md

#### Headers

> Similarly to [Query strings](#query-strings-and-payload), you can access headers as dictionary via `app.current_event.headers`, or by name via `get_header_value`. If you prefer a case-insensitive lookup of the header value, the `get_header_value` utility function automatically handles it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to [Query strings](#query-strings-and-payload), you can access headers as dictionary via `app.current_event.headers`, or by name via `get_header_value`. If you prefer a case-insensitive lookup of the header value, the `app.current_event.get_header_value` function automatically handles it.
```

> Similarly to [Query strings](#query-strings-and-payload), you can access headers as dictionary via `app.current_event.headers`, or by name via `get_header_value`. If you'd like to perform a case-insensitive lookup of the header value, the `get_header_value` utility function will do it by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly to [Query strings](#query-strings-and-payload), you can access headers as dictionary via `app.current_event.headers`, or by name via `get_header_value`. If you prefer a case-insensitive lookup of the header value, the get_header_value utility function automatically handles it.
```
